Feat: add remove explicit port option (#174)
sindresorhus/normalize-url: readme.md

//=> 'http://sindresorhus.com/foo'
```

##### removeExplicitPort

Type: `boolean`\
Default: `false`

> Removes a port number corresponding to the protocol part of a url, excluding a default port number e.g., 80 for http, and 443 for https.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes an explicit port number from the URL.

Port 443 is always removed from HTTPS URLs and 80 is always removed from HTTP URLs regardless of this option.
```

```js
normalizeUrl('sindresorhus.com:123', {
	removeExplicitPort: true
});

> //=> 'sindresorhus.com'

Reviewer: This is not the actual output.

Author: Good catch, just fixed it.

```

```js
normalizeUrl('http://sindresorhus.com:443', {
	removeExplicitPort: true
});
//=> 'http://sindresorhus.com'
```

```js
normalizeUrl('https://sindresorhus.com:80', {
	removeExplicitPort: true
});
//=> 'https://sindresorhus.com'

> ```

Reviewer: Readme and index.d.ts should be in sync

Reviewer: I also don't think these two examples are needed.

Author: I agree. I have applied this change.
